{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f60\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs48\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning36\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext1 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Normal (Web);}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-254275624\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1057227080
\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs20\fbias0 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-1503725250\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}
\f2\fs20\fbias0 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-2072868906\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fs20\fbias0
\fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-1694586958\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fs20\fbias0 \fi-360\li2880
\jclisttab\tx2880\lin2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-414835584\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fs20\fbias0 \fi-360\li3600
\jclisttab\tx3600\lin3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-1321020218\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fs20\fbias0 \fi-360\li4320
\jclisttab\tx4320\lin4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1475266146\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fs20\fbias0 \fi-360\li5040
\jclisttab\tx5040\lin5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1050969932\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fs20\fbias0 \fi-360\li5760
\jclisttab\tx5760\lin5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid318942864\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fs20\fbias0 \fi-360\li6480
\jclisttab\tx6480\lin6480 }{\listname ;}\listid1795099457}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1795099457\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid13720230}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6568;}{\info{\title ***An Introduction To GEM }{\author Ed}
{\operator ebarlow}{\creatim\yr2007\mo4\dy4\hr10\min49}{\revtim\yr2007\mo4\dy4\hr10\min49}{\printim\yr2007\mo4\dy4\hr10\min48}{\version2}{\edmins3}{\nofpages10}{\nofwords1767}{\nofchars10076}{\*\company Millennium Partners}{\nofcharsws11820}{\vern24579}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot13720230 \fet0\sectd
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 ***An Introduction To GEM \tab
\par }{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 \tab What it is
\par What Gem Offers You \endash  Feature Set
\par
\par }{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 How To Install \tab
\par Getting Started Guide
\par Batch Jobs Overview \tab
\par GEM Screenshots \tab
\par ***Server Backup and Maintenance
\par }{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Gem }{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Utilities Guide \tab
\par The GEM Console \tab
\par ***New System Stored Procedures
\par }{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230
\par }{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 ===============
\par Introduction To GEM
\par
\par GREETINGS
\par
\par [ My Wb Page]
\par this presentatin will provide an overview of the features available in the Generic Enterprise Manager
\par
\par [Show /gem]
\par
\par the Generic Enterprise Manger,  GEM for short, is a toolkit for database administrators.  It p
rovides a simple, complete solution to help you manage your Sybase & Sql Server Databases and associated Windows, Unix, and Linux systems. While GEM provides comprehensive operating system level monitoring and alarming, the strength of GEM is database inf
rastructure management. GEM is designed for database administrators, by database administrators.
\par
\par Gem provides full monitoring, auditing, and configuration reporting.  This means it provides you real time state information about what is going on with your s
ystems.  Gem provides configuration information grouped across your servers allowying you to effectively diagnose configuration problems.  It provides a complete script based Backup system that can be used either standalone or in conjuncetion with existin
g server backup facilities like those in the microsoft enterprise manager.  It provides a large number of command line utilities and many new system stored procedrues.
\par
\par This is a toolkit based on 15 years of free software development and is therefore unlike
 any other on the market.  It focuses on doing a large number of simple things well.  No commercial packages have either the scop or ambition of GEM.   The goal is to automate EVERY routine datbase administration task.
\par
\par GEM is also very different because
 it fundamentally has NO user interface.  Other commercial tools may provide you with with glitzy Java based applets - our main problem with this is that these user interfaces are essentially useless. The primary interface to GEM is your Blackberry.  This

is a very important point.  This is a system geared for support personnel -> everything is as easily availble from your home system as it is from your work system.  This is a simple, mail based, batch based open source architecture.  This is an architectu
re support people should be very comfortable with.
\par
\par Gem is also an inexpensive solution -> running at 500$ per database server.
\par
\par let us go over the architecture.  Gem uses monitoring workstations ->one for your unix sys
tems another for your windows systems.  I have here my windows monitoring station [ BRING UP 04].  Note that here is my unix monitoring station.  They are the same, residing on a samba share.  All code runs from these monitoring stations.  There are no ag
ents.  Even our backup solution runs centrally.  The same software runs seamlessly on both your UNIX and windows environments.  [ show unix vs win32 ]
\par
\par This architecture is one you should be comfortable.  We have a conf directory.  All batch scripts live in ADMIN_SCRIPTS - broken by package.  The data directory contains saved data.  The libs contain perl libraries.  GUI commands are at the top level.

\par
\par Lets talk more about  our monitoring and alarming solution.  [ bring up eventviewer and web page viewer ]
\par This gives you information on both your database and operating system -> but is focused on providing database administrators with essential information to diagnose problems and prevent outages.
\par
\par One of the nice features of Firefox is that it allows you to set up grouped bookmarks and open them all at once -> which i will do now.  Note the toolbar here has quick links.
\par
\par The monitoring system provides two interfaces -> a web based interface and a standard application interface.  We break the world up in
to Events and Heartbeats.  Events are incidents which have an associated timestamp - error logs are the prime example.  Heartbeats represent the state of a system.  Both events and heartbeats have states (critical, error, etc) and all servers are categori
zed as either production (which means pagable) or development.
\par
\par The next page here is the GEM console.  (go left to right)
\par
\par We provide you extensive backup features to
\par
\par Extensive Documentation
\par
\par Historical server monitor
\par
\par [ show task scheduler ]
\par Finally we
 should note that GEM is essentially a batch based system.  We dynamically create and schedule batch jobs to monitor your systems.  This is a dynamically customized configuration - and is very effective as each individual monitor is very simple and quick
-
> yet the overall outcome is that you end up with an excellent feature set that is very easy to understand and support.  This is perl -> each of the underlying programs you see here is a self documeting perl command line utility and most importantly -> th
ey are all very short...
\par
\par Finally i would like to note our configuration utility and individual monitor utility which providides an easy mechanism to get sp_who type information as well as SYBASE MDA table information
\par
\par We welcome further inquiries via email at barlowedward@hotmail.com
\par
\par This concludes our overview of the GEM Feature set
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 STORED PROCEDURE LIBRARY
\par
\par The first, and perhaps most useful, of the components of the Generic
\par Enterprise Manager are the extended stored procedures.  This package, composed of a bunch of system stored procedures is one of the most useful toolkits for administrating your servers.
\par
\par The extended stored procedure library was written to complement the stored procedures provided by Sybase in their initial releases.  In fact, the library was written to support a 4.2 Sybase SQL Server back in the 1980s \endash
 pre web pages.  I distributed it as free software \endash  under a Gnu Public License - and it remains free to this day.
\par
\par The system stored procedures provided in the early versions of Sybase suffered from several major defects.  The first was that they were unreadable if you were working in 80 column terminals using isql \endash  which most of us were.  Secondly, they
provided information in formats where obviously had been created by developers \endash  not system administrators.  Unbelievably, that same library of weak stored procedures were continuted by BOTH Sybase AND Microsoft in their sql server.
\par
\par The core of the library are stored procedures that imitate the system stored procedures like sp_who and sp_help but start with sp__ instead of sp_.
\par
\par Most of the major stored procedures exist in this library.  These stored procedures go in the same location as do the standar
d system stored procedures - sybsystemprocs on Sybase, master on Sql Server.  They are best installed by the perl script configure.pl.  If, for some reason, you have NO version of perl on your system, you can use configure.sh on windows or one of the inst
all*bat scripts that ship with the tools.
\par
\par The library is very widely used \endash  with an installed base numbering in the thousands of sites.
\par
\par Fundamentally, there are only a few things you need to know about the library to use it well.  All stored procedure
s are documented on edbarlow.com.  All stored procedures allow an argument @dont_format=Y to tell the procedures to NOT format output for 80 column mode \endash
 useful say with a windowed sql tool.  Finally, the only major stored procedure with a name change is sp__dbspace \endash
 a readable version of sp_spaceused.  The sp__rev* stored procedures will reverse engineer your ddl.  The sp__mon* stored procedures on Sybase use the 12.5 MDA functionality to allow iostat / vmstat type monitoring.  The other main stored proc
edures all behave pretty much like you would expect them.
\par
\par These procedures are easy to learn, free, and will save you time.
\par I strongly recommend you install them on ALL your servers.  Other than consuming a few megabytes of space \endash there is no downside  to this set of tools - they are only called on demand  - cant break anything \endash
 and if they are everywhere you can rely on them.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Backup Scripts
\par
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Another widely used package included in GEM are our backup scripts.  These scripts were released in the mid
90s to backup Sybase Servers.  They were distributed from edbarlow.com under Gnu Public License and were widely downloaded.  The scripts were rewritten a few years back and support all versions of Sybase ASE and Microsoft SQL Server.
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 The GEM backup scripts
 run on Win32, Linux, and UNIX platforms, and include everything you will require to perform your routine data server maintenance.\~ The individual scripts are small and as with all perl scripts \endash
 are released as source code. These scripts are command line based for flexibility and power. Electronic mail is used for notification as appropriate.
\par This package is designed to use Maintenance Plans to define the  maintenance you wish to perform.  All Maintenance Plan information is stored in a single configuration file which can be edited by hand.
\par It is intended that these scripts be a complete solution for routine maintenance of "normal" Sybase and Microsoft SQL Server installations.
\par The following are some of the features of these scripts:
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard\plain \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Maintenance Plan Based}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Command line driven}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Complete:}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230  A Complete solution to manintenance of normal (ie. not data warehouses) Sybase and SQL Servers.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20 \hich\af2\dbch\af0\loch\f2 o\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li1440\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1440\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\ls1\ilvl1\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 full backups}{
\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20 \hich\af2\dbch\af0\loch\f2 o\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 transaction log dumps}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20 \hich\af2\dbch\af0\loch\f2 o\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 update statistics (with sp_recompile)}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20 \hich\af2\dbch\af0\loch\f2 o\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 standard DBCC's}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f2\fs20 \hich\af2\dbch\af0\loch\f2 o\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 db reorgs}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Reports:}{
\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230  Configuration / Auditing Reports provide you an archive of all the information necessary for you to rebuild your server from scratch.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Table Backups:}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230  Optional Object Level BCP Backups of critical databases and tables
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Extensible:}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230  error handler that will interface with your error management system
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Universal:}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230  Works on all UNIX and Win32 Systems and Servers
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Compression:}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230  Backup file compression using either internal capabilities (sybase) or external compression utilities (sql server)

\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Graphical menu system}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230  that both operators and administrators can use to load backups
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Logging:}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230  Extensive Logging allow you to understand what events occurred and when they occurred
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Clean:}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230  Output in a easily understood clean directory structure
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Centralized:}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230  Schedule all maintenance from a single central server
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Log Shipping:}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230  A complete Transaction log shipping solution for disaster recovery
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 Communication:}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230  Unix to Unix communication via SSH, RSH, or FTP (your choice)
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 These scripts are designed to
 be simple to understand and work with. The scripts are delivered in three directories. The first is named dbi_backup_scripts, which contains the code. The second is named lib, and contains all the perl modules/libraries. And the third is named conf, whic
h contains your configuration files.
\par If you are installing these scripts as part of GEM, the lib and conf directories are in the GEM home directory, and the dbi_backup_scripts directory is under ADMIN_SCRIPTS. If you are using the separate standalone downlo
ad, all three directories are at the top level. The scripts work seamlessly in either configuration.
\par This package is installed and run from ONE centralized system. This central system runs your backups, which you are responsible for scheduling using cron (
on unix) or the windows task scheduler (on win32). That system will have an output directory which contains log files (dbcc output, session logs etc). The backups, of course, go on the system that is running your RDBMS. Inter system communication is perfo
rmed via RSH, SSH, FTP on UNIX and via Windows Direct File Access (for win32).
\par The dbi_backup_scripts directory contains the stand alone perl scripts that perform the server maintenance. These small stand-alone programs are self documenting - you can see syntax using }{\i\f1\fs28\cf6\insrsid13720230 perl program_name -?}{
\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230  and can see full documentation either at the end of this help section or by typing }{\i\f1\fs28\cf6\insrsid13720230 perldoc program_name}{\f1\fs28\insrsid13720230 :
\par In general, however, all you will need to understand is one script \endash  backup.pl.
\par }
