{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20\par
2142\par
\par
Put Tracker Device on your vehicle\par
Pod On Top Of The Enemy\par
Put Support Guns back vs wall\par
Put Support Gun into Air Shafts\par
Pod on TOP of silos\par
Can Pod To Many Silos At Start\par
T in titan mode\par
Dont Unlock All -> utilize field upgrades...\par
http://www.totalbf2142.com/forums/showthread.php?t=5574\par
\par
Hotkeys are probably the most important thing in changing a strategy from a losing strategy to a winning strategy. At the start of the game, remember that F1 selects the HQ, and 'P' creates a Pioneer. Next, select your other Pioneer and push 'V' and then 'W' to create a Wehrmacht Quarters. Other important hotkeys are 'H' for Heavy Machine Gun, 'M' for Motorcycle, 'V' for Volksgrenadier, 'G' for Grenadier, and 'H' for Halftrack. Commit these hotkeys to memory; They greatly improve your speed of play.\par
\par
Another important thing is Control Groups. You can assign a unit, group of units, or building to the numbers 1-9 by pressing Cntrl + 1-9. This is extremely useful in micromanaging units. Personally I use 1 for my main assault group(in this case Grenadiers/Volksgrenadiers), 2 for either a secondary attack group or Armor(tanks/halftracks), and 3 for auxillary units(snipers, motorcycles). I then use control groups 5-9 for buildings, with 5 being the Wehrmacht Quarters, 6 being Krieg Barracks, 7 being the next building created, etc.\par
\par
Good use of Hotkeys and Control Groups win you games.\par
\par
Build Order\par
-1 Extra Pioneer\par
-Wehrmacht Quarters\par
-2 Heavy Machine Gun Teams\par
\tab Deploy to Hi Muntions Points\par
-Motorcycle\par
-2 Volks\par
-3rd Pioneer\par
-Observation Posts on High Munitions Points\par
-Tech Tier 2\par
\tab Upgrade Inf With Mp40\par
-Krieg Barracks (P3)\par
-2-3 Grenadiers\par
-Halftrack\par
*If necessary, more Grenadiers/Halftracks/AT Guns, possible tech to Tier 4 for Panthers/Panzers.\par
\par
PanzerFausts/Shreks\par
}

