{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs24 http://www.sybase.com/techwave/2006cfp/cfp_proposal\par
\par
\par
TECHWAVE PROPOSAL #1\tab Monitoring Large Production Environments\par
\par
\pard\sb100\sa100 This presentation will describe best practices for monitoring large numbers of  Database & Replication servers.  Even a simple automated monitoring and alarm management system can significantly reduce both database administrator workload and system downtime by allowing proactive server maintenance.  This presentation will focus on simple innovative solutions providing considerable "bang for the buck" like port monitoring, effective use of log files, how to guarantee your backups, and how to monitor without impacting production.  \par
\pard Experience Level: Advanced\par
Job Function: Database Administrator\par
Products: (ASE) Adaptive Server Enterprise, Replication Server, Backup Server\par
\par
\par
TECHWAVE PROPOSAL #2\tab Free Tools For Ase\par
\par
This presentation will discuss several popular free packages available for Sybase ASE.  We will discuss Ed Barlow's  \par
popular "Extended System Stored Procedure Library"  which have been recently extended for ASE 15 and which now included MDA Table capabilities.  We will also discuss Ed Barlow's maintenance plan based "Database Backup and Maintenance Package", a complete solution for server backups and routine server maintenance.  "sqsh" and "dbschema.pl" will also be included.  This will be a hands-on example driven approach to teaching you about what are widely considered to be the most important productivity tools available for Sybase ASE.\par
\par
Experience Level: Beginner/Intermediate\par
Job Function: Database Administrator\par
Products: (ASE) Adaptive Server Enterprise\par
\par
Ed Barlow is head of database systems at a major hedge fund and has 20 years experience as a Sybase Developer, DBA, and Systems Administrator.  He has presented at several techwave conferences, published numerous articles, and recently wrote the Sybase chapter for the O'Reilly Backup and Recovery Book.  Ed runs www.edbarlow.com from which he distributes the popular "Database Backup and Maintenance Package" and "Extended System Stored Procedure Library".\par
\par
\par
}

